
# README Advanced Simulation

This README file was generated on: 24-03-2024

### Authors:
Created by: EPA133a Group 07

|        Name         | Student Number |
|:-------------------:|:---------------|
|    Daijie Huang     | 5155118        |
|    Milan Moleman    | 5415764        |
|  Nelene Augustinus  | 5404916        |
|   Roelof Kooijman   | 5389437        |
| Simone Hoogedijk    | 5405084        |

## Institution:

Delft University of Technology : Faculty Technology, Policy and Management.

### Purpose:

The data and the model are created for a project in the course EPA133a - Advanced Simulation of the TU Delft. 
The project aims to examine the vulnerability and criticality of Bangladesh's bridge infrastructure to better prepare the country for natural disasters. 

### General information:


### Technologies used

The code is written and tested for Python 3.11.8. The specific packages used are given in the requirement.txt file. To use the code an environment for Python should be created and the packages stated in the requirements.txt should be installed. The data used is stored in .xlsx and .csv formats, so a viewer that can read this format is required if only interested in data.

### Purpose code files

Various Python files are included. Each has its purpose which will be briefly explained in the table underneath.

| File             | Purpose                                                                                                                                                                                 |
|------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| data_bridges.py  | Contains the data cleaning process with regard to the bridge data.                                                                                                                      |

### File structuring
The folder has a specific structure that is as follows:

    EPA133a-G07-A3/
        ├── data/
        ├── experiments/
        ├── img/
        ├── model/
        ├── notebooks/
        └── report/

The data folder contains the data files needed and produced by the .py files and should look like:

    data/
     ├── raw/ 
         └── roads.csv
         └── bridges.xlsx
     ├── processed/
         └── filename.csv
         └── filename.xlsx

The experiment folder contains the scenario results in CSV-format and should look like:

    experiments/
     ├── filename.csv
     └── filename.csv
     

The image folder contains all the images generated by the visualisation.ipynb file. These images show and compare the scenario results and should look like: 

    img/
     ├── filename.png
     └── filename.png

The model folder contains all the code files required to run the model and should look like this:

    model/
      ├── filename.py
      └── filename.py

The notebook folder includes the jupyter notebook which visualises the experimental outcomes. 

    notebooks/
        ├── filename.ipynb
        └── filename.ipynb


Lastly, the report folder contains the report that provides detailed information on the analysis conducted for the Bangladesh case. 

    report/
     └── report.pdf

### Usage


### Assistance during code creation

Instructor:

-   Y. Huang - [Y.Huang@tudelft.nl](mailto:Y.Huang@tudelft.nl)
-   Prof.dr.ir. A. Verbraeck - [A.Verbraeck@tudelft.nl](mailto:A.Verbraeck@tudelft.nl)

Teaching assistant:

-   Angela Camarena Barba - [A.CamarenaBarba@student.tudelft.nl](mailto:A.CamarenaBarba@student.tudelft.nl)

### Contact

All questions about the code, project, or anything else can be sent to the following email:

[n.a.augustinus@tudelft.nl](mailto:n.a.augustinus@tudelft.nl)